# Hurray Bot - WIP

A Slackbot that reads from a Google Sheet to post scheduled, fun updates.

## Prerequisites

- Node
- NPM
- A Google account

## Getting Started

This project requires a Google account with the Google Sheets API enabled. See Google's [Node.js Quickstart](https://developers.google.com/sheets/api/quickstart/nodejs) for instructions on enabling the API.

Once the Google Sheets API has been enabled, an option for downloading client configuration is presented. Save the file as `credentials.json` in the project directory. These credentials will be used to generate access and refresh tokens thereby granting access to data stored in Google Sheets.

1. Clone the repo `git clone git@github.com:FreshworksStudio/hurray.git`
2. Navigate to project directory `cd hurray`
3. Install dependencies `npm install`
4. If running the program for the first time, access and refresh tokens must be generated
   1. Run `npm run token`
   2. Open a web browser and navigte to the link generated by the previous command
   3. Log in to Google and allow the application access
   4. Copy the code generated after logging in and paste it into the terminal
   5. Confirm that a `token.json` file is now located in the project directory
5. Run `npm start` to start the server
6. Navigate to [localhost:3000](https://localhost:3000)

## Create a Slack Bot

TODO

## Slash Commands

Slash commands are used within Slack to interact with a bot. The following commands are made available. All commands are prefaced with `/hurray`.

Command | Arguments | Description
--------|-----------|------------
work    | Month     | List all employees with a workiversary in the specified month

As an example, all employees with workiversaries in September can be listed by typing `/hurray work september` in Slack. The bot will return a response in the following format.

```
Jane Smith - September 13
Billy Bob - September 22
```
